everyone's I wanted to share with you my
top five highlighters and especially
because summer is coming I thought maybe
this might be helpful for some of you
was thinking of maybe doing a video to
for like how to get like a warm like loi
cheek so if you would like that or any
other top 5 videos please let me know in
the comments below and I will try to do
that for you so I'm going to start off
with honeymoon by hard candy and it's
actually a baked blush but it's really
really light so you could definitely use
it as a highlighter it would be way too
light for me as a blush so here you can
see close up it's very light and there's
kind of a little bit of like a lavender
marbleization on it and it just has a
really pretty kind of light pink Sheen
to it so the next one is soft and gentle
by Mac and this is kind of my more
everyday highlight that I usually
gravitate towards and this one is a
mineralized skinfinish so this is more
of like a beige you champagne kind of
marbleized color and you'll see compared
to that hard candy one it has a little
bit more of that like vanilla champagne
color so the next one is also by mac and
it's more of a I wouldn't really say
it's a highlight it's it's a mineralized
skinfinish and this is in petticoat and
it's just a beautiful warm rosy color um
and so I like wearing it under my blush
and a little bit above my blush just so
my cheekbones have that nice glowy Sheen
to it now this one you'll be able to see
definitely it has more of the rosy and
gold color
and this one really really warms up your
cheeks and makes them look so pretty
this one is also a blush in its luminoso
by Milani and this one also is quite a
light color it's kind of a light peachy
color and being that it is a light color
I like using this as a highlight to this
one isn't quite as shimmery but it
really does the job this one is
definitely a little bit more peachy
colored and then the last one is the
lioele silky highlight or baby touch and
so this is also a BB cream but the Pearl
touch gives us a splendid pneus shining
this to the skin and there's like a low
and hyaluronic acid and I just really
like this because I feel like it gives
you kind of like a dewy look and then
this one you actually pump from the
bottom and you'll see that it kind of
comes out there here I'll do it over on
this side and so this one is definitely
more moisturizing so this might be a
better one for if you have like dry your
skin and I usually just Pat that on so
anyways I hope that was helpful to all
of you guys and if you would like to see
any other top 5 picks please let me know
and I'll try to do that for you guys
talk to you later bye